Add documentation for super commands (#774)
onflow/flow-cli: docs/super-commands.md

---
title: Using Super Commands with the Flow CLI
sidebar_title: Super Commands
description: How Flow super commands work
---

Flow CLI Super commands are set of commands that can be used during development 
of your dApp to greatly simplify the workflow. The result is you can focus on writing the contracts 
and the commands will take care of the rest. 

## Setup

> Flow setup is the initial command you run to start your new Flow project. By default, it will create 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initial command to start your new Flow project is `flow setup` . By default, it will create 
```

basic folder structure and a flow.json configuration. 

Running the command:
```
> flow setup
```

> It will contain the following resources:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Will create the following folders and files:
```

- `/contracts` folder should contain all your Cadence contracts,
- `/scripts` folder should contain all your Cadence scripts,
- `/transactions` folder should contain all your Cadence transactions,
- `/tests` folder should contain all your Cadence tests,
- `flow.json` is a configuration file for your project, which will be automatically maintained.

### Using Scaffolds
Based on the purpose of your project you can select from a list of available scaffolds. 
You can access the scaffolds by simply using the `--scaffold` flag like so:
```
> flow setup --scaffold
```

The list of scaffolds will continuously grow, and you are welcome to contribute to that. 
You can contribute by creating your own scaffold repository which can then be added to the scaffold 
list by opening a PR here. [TODO]

## Develop

> After creating the project using the flow setup command you should start the emulator in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the project using the flow setup command you can start the emulator in 
```

the project directory by running `flow emulator`. After emulator is started up you can continue by 
running the flow develop command like so:
```
> flow dev
```

> This will continuously watch for your project Cadence files and keep the deployed on emulator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will continuously watch for your projects Cadence files for changes and keep them in sync with the deployed contracts on the emulator. 
```

This is also repeated below.

The output will look something like:
```
[15:53:38] Syncing all the contracts...

😜 charlie
  |- MyContract contracts/charlie/MyContract.cdc

😏 emulator-account
  |- HelloWorld contracts/HelloWorld.cdc
```

After the command is started it will automatically watch any changes you make to 
Cadence files and make sure to continuously sync those changes on the emulator network. 
If you make any mistakes it will report the errors as well. 

> Our suggestion is that you use VSCode as the IDE and run the command in the terminal window of the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is reccomended that you use VSCode as the IDE and run the command in the terminal window of the IDE.
```

The latest VSCode extension also supports resolution of the improved import syntax, more on that later.

> ⚠️ Please note that this command only works on emulator network. It's meant for development only and hence 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ Please note that this command only works on the emulator network. It's meant for development only and hence 
```
